.\" Copyright Petr Hracek, 2013
.\"
.\" This page is distributed under GPL.
.\"
.TH DA-PREP 1 2013-03-12 "" "Linux User's Manual"
.SH NAME
da-prep \- Developer Assistant - Preparer is a helper for all developers using (not-only) Fedora. It helps you set up environment for working with projects from remote SCM.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBda-prep \fP custom [-h] -u URL [-p PATH]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Developer assistant
is based on idea of per-{language/framework/...} "assistants" with hierarchical structure like this:

                  MainAssistant
                  /           \\
                 /             \\
              Python          Ruby
              /   \\            / \\
             /     \\          /   \\
          Django  Flask    Rails Sinatra

The basic task of each preparer assistant is to prepare working environment for project
from remote SCM specified by
.B -u --url
and install dependencies via \fBYum\fP.
Optionally, if any environment setup is required,
.B da-prep
does that as well.
Most of the assistants have common arguments (see below), but there may also be some specific options in some of the assistants.

.SH LANGUAGE SUPPORT
Currently supported preparers are:
.IP
Custom
assistant can checkout and prepare a custom project created by devassistant (using .devassistant file).

.SH COMMON OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h --help
print help for selected assistant
.TP
.B \-p --path
Path where to checkout the repo (will be created if it does not exist).
.TP
.B \-u --url
Url of the project git repo (uses http/https/git).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR da (1)
.BR da-mod (1)
