.\" Copyright Petr Hracek, 2013
.\"
.\" This page is distributed under GPL.
.\"
.TH DEVASSISTANT-MODIFY 1 2013-03-12 "" "Linux User's Manual"
.SH NAME
devassistant-modify \- Developer assistant is a helper for all developers using (not-only) Fedora. It helps you work with existing projects.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdevassistant-modify \fP eclipse [-h] [-p [PATH]] [-e ECLIPSE]
.br
.SH GITHUB INTEGRATION
If github option is used for export projects to the GitHub repository then
user has to have already created account on the GitHub server.
Without that it is not possible to upload projects on the GitHub server

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Developer assistant
is based on idea of per-{language/framework/...} "assistants" with hierarchical structure like this:

                  MainAssistant
                  /           \\
                 /             \\
              Python          Ruby
              /   \\            / \\
             /     \\          /   \\
          Django  Flask    Rails Sinatra

The basic task of each assistant is to create a project in location specified by
.B -n name
(either relative or absolute path) and install its dependencies via \fBYum\fP.
Optionally, if any environment setup is required,
.B devassistant
does that as well.
Most of the assistants have common arguments (see below), but there may also be some language specific options in some of the assistants.

.SH LANGUAGE SUPPORT
Currently supported languages are:
.IP
Eclipse
assistant can import already created project into \fBEclipse\fP.
Just run it in the projects directory.

.SH COMMON OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h --help
print help for selected assistant
.TP
.B \-e --eclipse
import project into
.I eclipse 
environment. Uses ~/workspace workspace by default, which can be overriden by specifying another path.
.TP
.B \-p --path
Specify path to your project (defaults to current working directory if not used)

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR devassistant (1)
